High in this video we are going to take a look at how to construct a feat for about an hour of network.
So let's import that by brain structure feedforward not work linearly or see more Edley or bias unit
and a full connection.
So we are able to create a feed for about an hour on that front and we are able to specify the building
blocks the structure basically a linear layer or sigmoid layer by this unit.
We are able to create connections between the layers and so on.
So we are able to instantiate that for is equal to a feedforward network.
And we can specify the input layer for example so the input layer is equal to linearly or it's going
to have to now loans in the input layer then we will have a hidden layer is equal to sigmoid layer with
3 now roans and the output layer is equal to the sigmoid layer.
Again we want output now wrong.
OK.
This is what we have been discussing in that article section basically that the first layer of the input
layer basically doesnt have any activation function it is the linear layer of the linear layer is not
going to transform the import.
This is what we are looking for the sigmoid layer is going to use the sigmoid function to calculate
the final activations.
OK and then we can see that network on module and before are in the module I would like to create the
bypass for the input layer.
It is equal to a bias unit and I would like to create the second the bias unit so bias Unit 2 and I
would like to Aude First of all the bias units
are module.
I would like to order by S2 and then I would like two or two later.
So I would like to charge the input layer.
I'm going to copy and paste that.
So I would like to order a hidden layer
and the output layer.
Okay.
And then I would like to create the connections between the input layer and the hidden layer and between
the hidden layer and the output layer.
And because every now and its connected to every single that were on we can use the full connection
so input and hidden the connections between the input and the hidden layer is equal to full and action
and we can find that it's going to be between the input layer and the hidden layer.
Then I would like to create hidden output is going to be a food connection between the hidden layer
and the output layer.
We would like to create the connections between the bias nodes and now roans so pious and I would like
to create full connection between bias wanted and hidden layer than bias to output is equal to a food
connection.
And this is how we create connections between the second bias now and the output layer.
And then we just have to call the network Daut sort modules.
And basically this is how we initialize the network.
For example the modules are Sautee topologically and so on.
So sort modules and we are able to printout the network south.
So if I say that I think there's not going to be any typos.
But let's see instead of network 1 I printouts network 2.
And as you can see we have a feed forward in our network okay and we have a bias need.
We have another bias you need.
We have a linear input layer.
We have a sigmoid hidden layer and we have a c Moeed output layer.
We have the connections and so on and if we would like to get more information then we are able to print
out for example the way to alies between the input layer and the hidden layer for example so input hidden
that operands.
And if we say that it's going to printout that it's going to print out the connections as you can see
we have one two three four five six.
Yeah because we have to input.
Now one owns and three he didn't want.
So that's why we have six connections.
Basically the DS randomly initialized educates.
If we are curious that what's going to be the educates between the bias and the hidden layer.
Of course there's going to be sorry actuates.
So let's see if I run it again.
Yeah sorry actuates.
Between the buyer Snoad and sigmoid layer are three named roans OK that I would like to get educated
between the hidden layer and the output layer.
I'm going to clear the console.
And yeah there's going to be Street values because we have three edges between the he didn't layer and
the output layer.
So this is how you can construct modules fuel connections bias units and so on.
In order to construct the feedforward and our own network.
Thanks for watching.